Sreedharan K K
Java Developer
sreedharan20043255@gmail.com 9489868597 
15/94A,Malaikadu, Pudhuthottam , Pillanallur(Po) , Rasipuram(Tk) , Namakkal(Dt). 22/11/2004 Male 
linkedin.com/in/sree-dharan-15b985267 github.com/Sreedharankannan 
Objectives
A Computer Science Engineering student with practical experience in Java and AI-based projects. Looking for an entry-
level role to apply my skills, learn new technologies, and contribute to the success of a growing company.
Education
Sri Vinayagar Matric Higher Secondary School
12th05/2022
Namakkal, India
Mahendra Engineering College
BE-Computer Science and Engineering11/2022 – 06/2026
Namakkal, India
Technical Skills
•Programming Languages: Java(Core), 
Python(Basics),MYSQL
•Web Technologies: HTML, CSS
•Tools & Platforms: Salesforce,VSCode, Eclipse 
Internship Experience
Internship details: Salesforce Developer Intern(May-June 2024)
Company Name: Salesforce 
Duration: 1 month (Internship)
•During my one-month internship at Salesforce, I learned how to use the Salesforce platform to create and manage 
business applications.
•I built simple web components using Lightning Web Components (LWC), and worked with objects, fields, validation 
rules, and workflows. I also practiced basic Apex coding and integrated third-party APIs. 
•As part of the internship, I contributed to a mini project where we developed a basic CRM system. I collaborated with 
other interns using GitHub for version control and successfully completed several learning modules on Salesforce.
Projects
Salesforce Project Ready Program
Project: Garage Management System 
AI QUESTION PAPER GENERATOR
Tech Used: Python(Flask), Gemini API, NLP, VS Code
I hereby declare that the project titled “AI Question Paper Generator” was developed by me as part of my academic 
work. This project uses Artificial Intelligence, Python(flask) and Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques to 
automatically generate questions based on the provided content, ensuring accuracy and relevance across different 
difficulty levels.
Certificates
•NPTEL: Programming in Java(2024), IOT(2025)
•Salesforce Certification(2024)
•L&T Certification 
•MongoDB Certification
Area of Interest
Fullstack development
Java developer
Declaration
I hereby declare that above furnished details are true to my knowledge.
Sreedhara K K